I'm  hungry.

It's sunny. by michiru

Konnitiha. By Nakamura

	Hello, everyone. My name is Ryo. Just yesterday, I attended a workshop in my company regarding how to use Github, which is basically a tool to store programming data
As this is not the first time I used Github, the workshop was basically a review of what I always do with my PC.The thing, though, is we need to keep diaries to grasp the concept of Github, 
and in my view, It's a great idea to form the habit of something to get familialized with it.I could go and go about a bunch of pointless stuff, but this is the first diary I wrote,so I 'll finish it. 
I'l be making a little more effort to write  something better. 

Ryo    July 3, 2022


      Konbanwa!!My name is Michiru.
It was sunny today.
I went to lunch with my friends.
Difficult English.

Michiru July 3,2022

　konbanwa, My name is Yuri Nakamura. The laundry dried quickly today. 

Yuri July 3,2022

 Hi.Konbanwa,It was hot all day today.
I want to eat mango until I'm full.

Michiru July 4,2022


   I'm so glad everyone here writes in English even though I didn't ask them to. If you want to use Japanese instead, that's perfectly fine since the purpose of the diary is not to practice English but to be able to use github.
Anyway, Today is also not really an exciting day or anything like that.
 I'm just writing down whatever comes to mind on this notepad,and It feels more like brainstorming ideas for me,
 rather than actually trying to write something profound or sophisticated.
 I've recently been quite late for my assignment, which I'm meant to finish a lot sooner 
as It would have given me the chance to move on to another job much earlier.
 All i can do right now is do my best to study, but efficiently and effectively at the same time, 
I also want to ask more questions whenever I come across issues. It seems like just me jotting down a lot of meaningless stuff
Tomorrow, I'll write something a little more educational.

Ryo  July 4, 2022

お疲れ様です。今日は蚊に刺されました

中村有里　2022/7/4

こんばんは！今日は仕事があっという間に過ぎました。今日は夜中雨が降るみたいで。。

Michiru July 5,2022

英語書くの疲れたので日本語も混ぜて日記書きます。家族みんな北海道旅行行ってる中、俺は1人で酒を飲みながらプログラミングに勤しむ日々...
I'm a little tired of writing in English, so I've decided to use both Japanese and English. While my family members are going on a trip to Hokkaido, I work on programming while drinking alone.

Ryo July 5, 2022

お疲れ様です。今日は遅刻しそうでしたので間に合わせるために初めて特急に乗りました。速かったです。

Yuri July 5,2022
